As a final step let's go to Github compression tools
to see other changes that possibly not covered
in this guide.
As I mentioned before the changes that are not covered
in this upgrade guide could be not required.
So this lesson possibly optional to you and you can
skip this but if you want to make sure that your
project's files in sync you can follow this lesson.
All right let's go to GitHub comparison tool
and here we can ignore these dot editor config by hitting this icon.
Also this dot env example dot git ignore and
here in register controller file there is a bit
changes in validation rules in the prior version
the rules are written in string while a new version  it's written in array.
It's no problem if you not update but in
this case I prefer to change these to array.
So I'll hit this icon and view file in New tab
here I'll copy this lines
back to my editor open register
controller
and replace this validation rules. Back to our browser
here
verification controller added in new version and
we have already added so we can hide this
now in kernel dot php file
there is a bit change in auth. Previously it referred to
eliminate of middleware authenticate class but now it
referred to app http middleware
authenticate class
so back to our editor then open kernel in app http folder
here
let's change the auth key to refer to app
http middleware authenticate. Back to our browser
we have added the verified key so let's
copy only this middleware priority
back to our editor and here
let's paste the code here.
Switch back to our browser
and here let's copy entire code in this file
back to our editor navigate to
http middleware create new file and call it authenticate
inside this file just paste the code.
All right back to our browser
hide this file and here in verify csrf token we
will find new property called add http cookie
copy this line
back to our editor
find
Verify
csrf token and paste the code
head over to our browser
hide this file
also this file because as you can see is only switch the method
position.
we have updated this file so we can also skip this file.
We've also updated this app user
but here we'll find casts property defined contain
email verified at so let's copy these lines
back to our editor open user php
and paste here
switch back to our browser
hide this file
now here there is a bit change in bootstap app.php previously it call real path and so on like this
but now it call dollar underscore env
blah blah blah.
So let's copy this line
back to our editor
open app in bootstrap folder
and here
let's replace this line.
Hit this file
also this file because we've updated it
this file
now in config app.php
there is a big change in comment
I don't care with this
instead I'll copy this asset url
open app.php in config
and I'll place beneath this URL
also copy these lines
and I'll paste below this one.
All right
for the rest of the config files I won't talking anything
and maybe I'll fast forward the video
OK
here in user factory we need to import the eliminate support SDR.
That's copy this land back to our editor sir.
Factory
then we need to replace this as the random too as TR Colin Colin random
no Hillary.
We need to update the depth dependencies for our assets.
The first one is a lot of Onyx.
We need to change to four point all point seven then we need to update the villages version to two point
five when 17
and then we need to add these three lines
here in PSP units we the to change
the Q driver to Q connection and the value is still the same
right
we can skip this file.
Also this file and the SPG folder
we don't need this file also this file and here in resources jazz up the jazz there is a big change
in registering component.
Maybe we don't need to update these abilities but just to note that when registering compiling using
require a function make sure you check in with default
now in Misrata.
Yes that's a big change when requiring proper chess.
So now it's inside the tri cache
so I spoke these
inside here
we don't need to change these file
also.
This file
and for the validation
I think we don't need to change anything because squalid change in space
yeah we can skip this file
we don't need this file.
Also this file this file and here we've already update this file.
All right.
I think that's all we need.
We can now go back to our editor and several file changes.
Now we can go back to our terminal
and run into m run dev to install dependency packages for our asset.
Sure I get error because I've updated some packages versions.
Also add three new packages so the fix this way to run npm install
the next video we are going to test our app and make sure all functionality still working properly.